Happy things are things that are just things that are feeling happy and it's easy to feel happy as happy things are just happy in a way that feels good now.
Feeling happy is easy as happy is a way of learning new things in a fast way by the way you know how to do it anyway, and as you are happier and happier with your feeling of happiness and life is a happy thing in which you feel good as you learn to type in a fast and faster way to learn this thing that feels good in you now and in a fast way.

Happy things are things that are there to feel good as things that are happy are feeling and it's easy to feel happy as happy things are as happy in a way that feels good as you feel now.
Happy things are things that are there to get you to feel a feeling  just things that are feeling happy and it's easy to feel happy as happy things are just happy in a way that feels good now.

------

Happy things are things that are just things that are feeling happy and it's easy to feel happy as happy things are just happy in a way that feels good now.

------

Now before you slip into trance I want you to know that is ok to feel good even if you don't feel in trance yet sometime long ago you were learning in a different way by the way it is not done in schools, by the way it is fun to learn new skills as the connections in your mind begin to form new and better ways to do what it is that you want it to do more and more as you continue to feel a growing type of good feeling by the new type of writing you are learning at a deeper level, as this is the type of things that not only feel good now and after you master it, but some other fast type of learning can begin to occur in a way which you do not know yet you can continue to go deeper into what it is you are about to discover in a new way of doing things many other things can begin to open up as your mind knows not only how to write faster by itself but by the new way of learning which comes more naturally more familiar every time you take on new type of challenges now as you are a few keystrokes away of feeling good about everything and everything you learn.

------

Hello, friend. Long time eh? Yes it has. I've been meaning to talk to you for quite some time now. I'm glad we have this opportunity. I enjoy now talking to a captive audience. Don't you just love it sometimes when the universe sends you thse unexpected gifts? The other day my friend told my mom's sister how tricky it is to not pay attention as a fast type of good feeling can begin to spread now, and it matters less if it starts all around you and go deeper and deeper still, because it's easy to forget to remember what is not the reason you are typing these lines. The sister was a bit lost in the good feelings of the story, and the mom followed her into what it is my friend said you do not know yet you know there many ways to learn and the universe is wise enough to pack this gift in just the way you could open only at the rate and speed that you can begin to make some changes in the right direction, so you are left with good feelings that might begin to explode inside you in a moment you will finish this short sentence.

------

When I was 6 an old man I did not know very well threw me into freezing water, which left me crying for not a short time. I used to cry a lot when I was younger, all the way up to graduation or so, until many things started changing for me. Ever noticed how change is inevitable?

It's not something that you do, rather, just get out of it's way, and point loosely to where you want to go.

Unless you don't know where you want to go, in which case why bother with pointing?

Like two self inflicting fat guys in a circle trying to push each other out of a ring, not before tossing around some rice and making some side steps I have yet to dechiper.
There are too many humans out there doing pointless things my friend, but I know you.

You are smarter than that.
ou no
You are special.

You are here for a reason, and a very good one, but there's something you don't know about me.

I don't live by the old "learning one thing at a time" way. Too boring, too slow, and honestly, seriously, if to be frank ...

Can I be Frank?

I kinda like the name Adam, but so many people want to be Frank, I sometimes think I need to be more like everybody else and less like my "self."

Self ... Ha!
There's another concept that will gone from the pages of history as we'll move on to a brighter era.

But wait I was in the middle of something ...

Oh yes!

Your hidden bonus ...

If you already read some of my stuff or had the misfortune to meet me, you probably picked up on that by now. Because it's not about the content you see. It's the structure. The sequence. The degree to which you can engage on multiple channels in a stimulus way to bypass the gatekeeper as your new type of skill grows faster and faster with each word that you read and write to your brain the imporved software that can begin to integrate now.

The cool thing is that you need not think about it, even tho you might try it will make little difference because I'm not talking only to you, but some parts of you are close enough to hear me, and they have been waiting to serve you in better ways, now, and in the future, you might feel some changes occur faster than expected towards some of the ideas that already are forming in the back of your mind and body connection gets stronger the more you try resist feeling good for no reason.

And the more you feel good, the better decisions will point you to the right direction, where you're left out of the way for a change to occur, as your learning gradually cries for more warm feelings no ice can match.


My dad wanted me to learn swimming
